controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
tareaCrearYEliminarProject/Ejercicio.java
 tareaCrearYEliminarProject.Ejercicio
basicSelenium/BasicCreateProjectTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicCreateProjectTest
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
todoLy/LoginModal.java
 todoLy.LoginModal
todoLy/MenuSection.java
 todoLy.MenuSection
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
basicSelenium/BasicTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTest
basicSelenium/BasicTodoLyTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTodoLyTest
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
controls/CheckBox.java
 controls.CheckBox
controls/Image.java
 controls.Image
todoLy/LeftSection.java
 todoLy.LeftSection
todoLy/MainPage.java
 todoLy.MainPage
todoLy/CenterSection.java
 todoLy.CenterSection
factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
todoist/LeftSection.java
 todoist.LeftSection
factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.FireFox
todoist/RegisterSection.java
 todoist.RegisterSection
testClean/CreationUserTest.java
 testClean.CreationUserTest
todoist/SelectTheme.java
 todoist.SelectTheme
todoist/MainPage.java
 todoist.MainPage
ejercicio2/Ejercicio2.java
 ejercicio2.Ejercicio2
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
controls/Control.java
 controls.Control
testClean/TestBaseTodoist.java
 testClean.TestBaseTodoist
testClean/UpdateProjectTest.java
 testClean.UpdateProjectTest
testClean/CreateProjectTest.java
 testClean.CreateProjectTest
singletonSession/Session.java
 singletonSession.Session
testClean/LoginTest.java
 testClean.LoginTest
itemTestClean/CRUDItemTest.java
 itemTestClean.CRUDItemTest
testClean/DeleteProjectTest.java
 testClean.DeleteProjectTest
